There is a cyclical element to fraud,
right? Because in good times, people
look the other way and I don't I I I
don't think it's cyclical. I think it's
always there. I just think you know, the
Who was it said
you know, when the when the water goes
out, you can figure out who's swimming
nude?
>> I think that's Buffett. That's Buffett,
yeah.
>> Yeah. Well, Galbraith, however, talked
about the bezel, right? The
the propensity of flimflams and scams to
exist during the good times, and people
are just like don't, and that
accumulates and accumulates and That
That could be.
>> like 20 years, as you said, like we
haven't had a credit cycle. I mean,
we're it's almost 20 years since the
financial crisis now. Yeah, the finance
always finds its way finds a way to blow
itself up. I mean, it's it's
>> [laughter]
>> I mean, it does you know, this it's not
a
opinion, you just look at history. I I
think what happens is you get you get
you know, we find good things and then
you ride them, and you
>> Yeah. in every instance where
something's gone wrong, you just keep
pushing on something till you take it
over the edge. All right, finance is an
industry where historically
you can make a lot of money at it,
right? You're playing with other
people's money,
you know,
pennies and nickels come them off of
other people's money. I'm just going to
keep pushing, I'm going to keep pushing,
I'm keep pushing. When it finally falls,
it falls hard.
Hello and welcome to another episode of
the Odd Lots podcast. I'm Joe
Weisenthal. And I'm Tracy Alloway. So,
Tracy, one of the uh motifs, I guess, of
some of our recent conversations
>> Motif is a good word.
>> It's a good word, isn't it? Thank you.
One of the motifs of some of our recent
conversations, um and also, I guess, one
of the mega trends of our time is this
idea of just like scale as a competitive
advantage.
>> Mhm. Size, returns to size, returns to
scale, the ability of someone to like
pick up a phone and say, "I need a lot
of money right now." And the advantage
that accrues to financial players. It's
we see it across a lot of sectors, but
it really it stands out a lot in our
finance conversations.
>> It feels good to be big in business,
right? Like once you get big, you have
all this competitive advantage that
allows you to get bigger. The place
where this is most noticeable, I would
argue, and it's been this way for a
while, is the banking industry, right?
Like the long-run trend among US banks
is the big get bigger, and we've all
seen those charts of like all the little
banks that compose Bank of America or JP
Morgan. I love those charts, by the way.
>> too. Um and that's the direction the
industry seems to be heading, right?
Right. It's so interesting to me to like
to think about like these and analogs
with tech, cuz it's the same in tech,
right? If you look at big tech and we
talk about the Mag 7, etc., they've
really outperformed middle tech or small
tech. It is truly incredible, and we
have intuitive reasons for understanding
of that, network effects, lock-in, and
so forth. And it's so fascinating that
some of our story that we tell on tech
must be a little bit insufficient,
because we see the same story replicated
as as we're talking about with banks.
And with banks, it seems to be a
couplefold. So, one is balance sheet
capacity, right? And the ability to do
big deals and so forth. And then, of
course, there's the other thing, which
is just like the sort of the menu of
services that you can offer a client if
you're a big bank. Right. And also, just
the fact that you have well, balance
sheet, you have a lot of money, so if a
juicy deal comes up, you can deploy it
quite quickly, and you get like first
dibs on issuance, which has been good in
the recent credit market. So, we haven't
done like a ton of pure banking
episodes, although we've done some, but
um the you know, we did the most
probably right in the wake of uh Silicon
Valley Bank, obviously, and we talked
about like the challenges of some of the
community banks or the sort of smaller
regional banks, etc. And then we know
like the huge scale of like the JP
Morgans of the world, but also like what
about the banks that just sort of like
sub-JP Morgan scale, not not super
>> I believe they're called. Super
regionals interesting perspectives of
their own. And so, and I've always said,
I love talking to bankers. People who
understand how banking works just like
they're I think they're usually some of
our our most interesting guests.
>> Have you looked at the KBW Bank Index,
by the way? Not today. Actually, not in
a few days, or maybe not in a few weeks.
Yeah, what's it been doing?
>> it's up quite a lot, in fact. I think
over the past 12 months, it's
outperformed the S&P 500. So, that kind
of tells you how people feel about banks
and bank regulation at the moment.
>> Absolutely right. One of the things when
Trump won was the sort of like the
deregulation trade, and that was one
element. And arguably,
I would say in finance, by and large,
although 10% credit card caps does not
scream deregulation. Um I would say
that's one of the areas in which the
expectations of Wall Street have
actually been met, by and large, by this
administration. Anyway,
I'm very excited to say we really do
have the perfect guest to talk about the
banking world in 2026. We're going to be
speaking with Bill Demchak, CEO of PNC
Financial, which is the sixth biggest
bank in the country, I guess a a super
regional. So, uh Bill, thank you so much
for uh coming on Odd Lots. It's It's
great to be here, but I'm going to
correct you. We're national bank.
>> National bank.
>> Yeah. Why did I say super regional? Did
Were you once that? Um yeah, because we
have the mega banks, and people don't
know what to call somebody like us. But
>> [laughter]
>> we're in
>> always thought super regional was just
like that category below the mega banks.
>> mean, a regional bank is a bank that
operates in a region.
>> Okay.
>> And we're across the country in the
largest MSAs. We're in every state. We
So, we're just, you know, 1/6 of the
size of a JP Morgan, but we're still a
national bank. Excellent. Well, since
we're just in the since we're in the
correcting the record phase of the
conversation, I'm certainly familiar
with the PNC brand. You see it on things
elsewhere, probably like a stadium
somewhere or something. Is there a
stadium somewhere? Uh we have PNC Park
for the Pirates.
>> Park, so there you go. Um but why don't
you just give us the big overview? Like
what is PNC Financial? We are a
traditional bank. We used to call it
Main Street bank. Maybe that fits, maybe
it doesn't, but you know, we help people
save, we lend money, we do investments,
we move money through payments. Um we're
a
bank that aspires to be, you know, coast
to coast with a with a retail presence
as retail share consolidates in the US.
>> Um you know, our sweet spot is larger
middle market, smaller large corporate,
but of course, we do commercial and and
business banking. We're active in the
capital markets across basically every
product but new issue new equity
issuance.
Um
but more of a traditional bank. So, when
you we talk about you were talking about
scale in your intro. Think of JP Morgan.
They've got to be in 50 countries.
Um you know, they're in multiple lines
of business beyond traditional banking.
We have scale in what we want to do.
Um so, there's scale in the things you
choose to attack uh versus scale just
measuring balance sheet size.
>> Got it. You have been growing, though.
You made an acquisition recently, um
First Bank.
Is the ambition to be, you know, as big
as some of the the G-SIBs, like the
nationally the national giants, let's
say?
Um
the ambition isn't about size. The
ambition is about being relevant. So,
one of the things going on backdrop to
the US market in particular is there has
been consolidation in retail share in
banking, you know, ever since they got
rid of interstate banking laws. Um that
continues apace with the mega banks
largely winning at the expense of the
very small banks. And so, at some point
in the not-too-distant future, I suspect
that there's going to be five or six
players who control retail in the US.
>> The Canada model. Yeah. And our
aspiration,
um and we're on pace to do it, and we
think we can do it, is to be one of
those five or six banks.
>> Um what size that leads to, I don't
care. You just need to
be relevant to
in a particular market. What How would
you articulate why the really big banks
continue to win share of the retail
market? I could come up with some
answer, but what's the real How would
you describe it?
>> It's ubiquitous market presence. You
know, when once you get over 7% branch
density in a particular market, you tend
to outperform
under the assumption you have an okay
reputation and decent products. You
know, that you don't have to have the
best, but you have to have the menu of
all the digital applications, digital
signature, branches in the right place,
you know, electronic transfer, all the
things you come to expect from the bank
you guys probably bank at.
Um you get there,
uh and you grow. And if you think about
that definition, there's only three or
four banks today,
actually only two, that fit that
definition.
Um JP Morgan
>> and BofA. Now, Wells, you know, has the
potential,
you know, now that they've gotten rid of
the asset cap and so forth, to continue
to grow. Um and then you have some
aspirants who'd like to get in there.
We're clearly one of those, and one of
the one of the people who's been after
this game probably longer than most.
Just sorry, what was the metric that you
said it's 7% branch density? What is
that? Yeah. So, so um
By the way, we use 7%. Other banks will
talk about eight, but it's somewhere
around there. You get to a place where
if you have presence in a market 7 or 8%
of the share of just physical presence
with decent products, you control a
disproportionate share of the actual
deposits and economics coming out of
that market.
>> So, I'm actually surprised to hear that,
because the story, you know, that's
dominated since the financial crisis has
basically been that physical branches
don't matter that much.
>> So, you've seen across the US, you know,
net closures of branches is off the
charts relative to new builds.
Um but what you see behind the scenes is
somebody like PNC where we are if you
think about our very dense markets where
we've been for 165 years, we're thinning
those branches cuz you don't need as
much, but we're building aggressively in
Houston and Dallas and Miami. We were
building in Denver till we bought First
Bank. Um so, going to all these growing
markets where the population's moving.
Man, it just occurred to me I already
after we do this episode, I want to
follow up and like do an interview with
like whoever your main person doing site
selection is because we've done episodes
on like retail drive-thru site
selection, grocery store site selection.
>> We have a great team. We're building By
the way, you know, we've announced we're
building 300 branches in these new
markets and as an aside, once we knock
100 off, we'll add another 100. So, it's
going to keep going. We're probably a
thousand short of where we ultimately
want to be, but we don't have to be
there tomorrow. But just building 100
branches a year is a massive exercise in
site selection.
>> You're a construction company. Yes. I
mean, exactly right. So, you need to
pick the right location. You need to
choose whether you're going to do a
drive-thru, are you going to be at the
end of some shopping something where you
kind of an end add-on to a to a new
development. Um
the physical, you know, we have preset
designs, so we know what we're building,
but you still need a contractor. You
need somebody running at the physical
plant that you move into the branch. We
have pods now. New branch opens, truck
with a pod shows up and everything that
that branch needs to run from computers
to paper to pens is in a pod. Just
deliver it right into the branch, which
is what we're going to do when we do the
First Bank conversion as an aside. Well,
that's really interesting. Um
let's talk about bank regulation because
I think this is Yeah, very fun. Um this
is part of the consolidation story, I
think, is that even though
post-financial crisis, there was more
focus on the significant banks, the
G-SIBs.
At the same time, those G-SIBs seem to
have benefited from some of the
regulations. Is that how you would
characterize it?
>> that they
um
I don't know if they benefited from
regulation. They had to carry extra
capital. Um
they clearly, you know, in times of
crisis have done better than the broad
swath of smaller banks as we saw with
Silicon Valley and some others.
Um but they were sort of walled off from
competitors. So, you know, I've talked
for years about just the need to be able
to compete. Some of that competition
comes from M&A, some of it just needs
to, you know, the ability to do certain
activities.
Um and in theory now we're in an
environment where it's easier to do
that. And I think practically that's
probably true, although I would tell you
I think we could have done large deals
had we chosen to back during the Biden
administration.
Um
I think people tend Like one of the
soundbites that comes out of regulators
is good deals are okay, bad deals
aren't, but they won't tell you what a
bad deal is. But a good deal is
typically when you have one bank one one
good bank, somebody's in charge.
>> Yeah. You have technology that can
actually absorb the other bank,
and you can protect consumers and so on
and so forth. Those could have gotten
done in the last administration. That's
interesting. Well, let's talk about more
about your philosophy of M&A because so,
your stock has done very well, but it
has
for a while, especially in the last year
up until recently had been
underperforming some of the other banks.
And your like quote is like everyone
thinks we're going to do some like
It's not an exact quote, but it's like
something Why does everyone
>> The whole world's betting I'm stupid.
>> Yeah, right.
>> [laughter]
>> But
so like but then how do you grow? So,
okay, all the market they don't want to
pay up for your stock because they think
that you're going to do something
>> This isn't complex. We'll just start
with the basics.
Last year we outperformed
I think everybody including JP Morgan in
top-line revenue growth and EPS
PPNR growth. Um
>> What's PPNR? Uh sorry. Um
You'd think I would know. Pre-
pre-provision
net revenue.
>> Okay. Keep going.
>> Yeah. Um
Fantastic year. We set records in new
client acquisition, revenue growth,
expense control, great new tech roll-out
and stuff. Then we underperformed. Um
part of the backdrop of that was the
mega banks outperformed as people
correctly thought regulation was going
to drop and they could return more
capital than they historically had. So,
take that bucket, they're doing great
cuz they have all this capital and
they're free to do whatever they want
to. Um smaller banks went up in value
because, you know, people like Bill
Demchak with a big mouth said there's
going to be consolidation, so
everybody's going to buy them. So, they
go up in value and because we are a
likely acquirer given our historical
performance and being good at
integration, we get crushed. Did you get
penalized from the perception of a more
liberal M&A attitude?
>> That's absolutely. But it was Part of
it's my fault and
you know, because I talk
you know, I talk about the need for
scale. I talk about the consolidation
that's happening in retail. I talk about
why this makes sense. And people make
this leap and therefore end the sentence
with at any cost. And that's a terrible
assumption. Um not at any cost. We can
do this organically. It just takes
longer. And, you know,
today with everything flying in value
and us underperforming, it's extremely
unlikely we find something that makes
economic sense for us. First effect,
just as an aside, the environment is so
good right now. Nobody None of the
reasonable size banks want to sell. This
is like a
This is like a sunny day in in August,
man. You got, you know, rates are going
the right way, the curve is steepening
out, credit's great, regulation's coming
down. Nobody sells their bank in that
environment.
Do you wake up every morning and check
the PNC share price? I always wonder
about this. CEOs of public companies,
you're graded instantaneously by the
market.
Um yes, but the market at times is an
unfair grader, so I don't pay attention
to it. Um you know, when we
I look at metrics all the time. Are we
winning clients? Are we
um automating things and getting more
efficient? Are we Is our marketing
campaign reaching people? What's our
traction level in digital? You know, all
these things that ultimately will lead
to a share price performance, but not in
the day.
Well, let's talk then a little bit about
Okay, so a lot of banks are doing well.
They don't They're not They don't want
to sell.
>> Yeah. You're not a stupid guy, so you
don't want to make like a dumb deal.
>> So, there's not going to be deals. What?
>> So, there's not going to be deals.
>> to be deals. Okay, so yeah, you have
this aspiration to be one of the really
big banks. And so, okay, that leaves
organic growth. What is the
>> But But it also
I mean, in perspective, right? We're in
this
the the weird window
in regulatory change isn't the Trump
administration. It was the Biden
administration. Anytime before Biden and
now after Biden, deals get done all the
time. We're 165 years in business. You
know, the little chart you talked about
with all the banks
>> Yeah. We've got to have 150 banks under
us through time. And that'll continue.
But it doesn't have to happen now,
right? The weird thing about now is just
we ended the four years of strange
period under Biden. Got it.
>> Now we're just back to the old game.
This will go for you know, go on and on
and on. So, what is the essence of the
organic growth strategy that differ if
it's
yeah, to grow? So, um
So far I've been talking about retail.
Let me talk about the reason for retail.
Okay. Um so, ultimate reason for retail
is retail deposits. Retail deposits are
low cost, they're sticky, they allow you
to
>> there's a mechanical component, and then
of course there's a cultural component.
Um mechanical component um should
otherwise be easy, but has proven
difficult for some people over time. The
mechanical component, let's just talk
about First Bank for us.
We simply take all of their data
records, so you know, record field data
items that are for one of their checking
accounts, and we import that data, but
we don't import that application. All
that data comes into PNC, and then over
a weekend we simply open up a million
new accounts
on our existing products and services.
Sounds pretty simple. If you can move
the data, you can just effectively open
new accounts.
My my team will scream, "It's not that
easy." But that's basically what you do.
>> Looks easy to you. Yeah.
Um
Now all of a sudden, okay, now we have
all these customers with new accounts.
How do they How do they log in?
How do they learn? Like our online is
different than somebody else's online.
So now you're getting into training
modules, communications with clients,
training their branches. With First
Bank,
tremendous frontline set of people,
incredible bank in history. We're
keeping all their client-facing
employees. Now they all of a sudden have
to know the difference between PNC
products and their old products. So how
do we do that?
Um that's what integration ultimately
means. There's a mechanical piece of it.
Get the systems to work. So you turn it
on and the lights go on. There's
delivering pods to the branches, so they
have all the PNC equipment and the
signage and all that other stuff. But
there's a lot of time with people. We
send in branch buddies. So we'll take
branch managers from all around the
country
and go have them spend, you know, a
couple weeks in each of you know,
sitting with the branches at First Bank.
That's the cultural aspect of Yeah. And
the learning and it's I mean, banking,
you know, in some ways is simple, in
some ways it's wildly complex. An
employee in a branch, the problems that
you might walk in, right? You say, "Oh,
I don't really go into a branch or I
don't think about it." But when you go
into a branch, something's really
busted. Yeah. So the employees So the
employees, right? They need to know how
to fix it. Um and that's when we say
we're good at integrations, it's because
we focus on making sure that our new
teammates
know how to do their job and can help
their clients. Cuz they have the same
clients they've had forever.
They don't want to look bad in their new
role. Can you actually just talk more
about that? So it's like, okay, they
need to know how to like sell or be
familiar with the PNC product now, like
[clears throat] Talk a little bit more
about like what that difference is. What
actually changes functionally? Why
wouldn't be what it is about either
culture or products such that it's not
just replacing the the logo and the pens
and the notepad? Um well, everything
works at the margins slightly different.
I mean, checking account's a checking
account. But imagine you you're you're
in a branch or you're in the care
center, you have a problem.
Um you made your car payment, you sent
it through snail It was timestamped the
right time, but it went through snail
mail, got lost, you got penalized a fee,
and you go into the branch and you say,
"You know, this is really not fair. I
sent this,
and I you're you're hitting me with a
fee." And the branch person,
what do they do?
Right? It It's There's There's some
answer to that. Um what's her procedure?
Well, you know, now with AI you can just
go into a
large language model that is built off
of all of our customer service protocols
and say, "What do I do? This just
happened." It'll tell you.
You know, credit the customer the fee
and send a note to the, you know,
whatever the answer is for that
particular problem.
Um but the person sitting there needs to
know like which system do I query?
What's my browser? What am I Who do I
talk to? You know, if I'm going to make
an exception, do I go to the branch
manager or can we do that here or do I
need to call somebody in some strange
room in a back office in Philadelphia?
Um all of that with us, because we
automate so much of it, is now
sign of querying self-learning in the
branch, and then importantly, more and
more with our customers self-curing.
You know, they got locked out. What can
you know, just just be able to fix the
problem yourself. Mhm.
One thing I've wondered for a few years,
does local expertise matter anymore when
it comes to actual underwriting, either
in retail or commercial? Because I think
most of America used to have this very
romanticized notion of the banks, the
sort of It's a Wonderful Life model,
where your your branch manager knows you
and knows your entire life and business
and all of that. My sense is that
doesn't exist so much anymore, but tell
me if I'm wrong.
Um you're wrong. Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> Um it's harder to accomplish when you
become a larger bank.
Um but
you know, how's credit evolved through
time? Consumers. Consumers now, if
they're an existing client of you, are
scored based on their cash flows that
you see. It's not a FICO score. You can
actually see when did somebody pay the
rent? Are their spending patterns
predictable? You can build models that
say, "You know what? This person is a
really diligent good credit, even though
it might should not show up in a FICO."
Local market business. You're going to
lend to this small developer, you're
going to lend to this store on the
corner.
Branches really matter and local bankers
matter for small businesses, because
they see where the foot traffic is.
They know the reputation of the person
who's running that business. Do people,
you know, are they
community influencer in a good way,
where they're,
you know, people want to support them?
All that stuff still matters. And all
that stuff,
um the more you can give somebody
voice locally in the decision, I always
kind of call it putting a thumb on the
scale a little bit on a yes or no that's
otherwise mechanical, the better your
credit underwriting is. Well, this is
where we're talking about consumer
credit. What happens to the
What happens to the world? What happens
to America or the industry if there's a
10% cap on credit card rates as uh
President Trump has proposed?
So the only thing I know for sure
if that happens is that all the credit
card businesses
in the country lose money
um if run exactly the way they are
today. So we have,
you know, credit card business, I get
swipe fees, I give most of those away
with rewards, I earn credit when
somebody is revolving a balance.
Um I lend credit when somebody pays it
at the end of the month, right? I'm
fronting that money for you if you clear
your account every month, but hopefully
I'm getting some swipe fees to make that
good.
After all that, you charge interest
rates, you have losses, and you get a
margin, maybe make 4%. And assume
interest rate I'm I'm making up numbers
here, but assume maybe the average rate
is 18%. I make four at the bottom. Now
I'm going to take my 18, I'm going to
drop it to 10. Uh-oh, I just made minus
four.
And so all that math is going to come
out, um which is why I don't think this
goes. Like there's almost no way this
can happen. You'll just simply shut down
consumer credit in the US. They can't
force They can say the the cap is 10%,
and I'll say, "Fine. I'm out."
Like why would I do it if I'm going to
lose 4% a year on that? Something's
going to change. Fees are going to go
up. Lines are going to get cut. Rewards
will go away.
Um
you know, and something will emerge out
of the dust, but it's not going to look
at all like it does today. What do you
think the genesis of the proposal or the
rationale behind it actually is if, you
know, everyone in the industry says this
basically ends credit cards?
>> Yeah. I I think because
first of all, the emotional appeal of
it. It's I mean, it sounds absurd that
you're charging somebody 18% for a
revolving credit. Like I think that
sounds high. That happens to be the rate
that you need to charge to make money,
but it sounds
which is why I never revolve a balance.
I pay it off every month.
Um
so there's this emotional appeal. Geez,
you ought to be able to lend Like I'll
lend money to you at 10%. I'll lend
money to you at 10%. Right? But I can't
necessarily figure out who you are in a
sea of people. Right? There's a bunch
people I'll lend money at 4% cuz they'll
never default. You know,
so it's That's the issue when you try to
get to the broader population and extend
credit to the consumer that drives our
economy.
Science isn't so exact to say you get
nine and you're 22. I don't know about
you.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, actually, I want to press this
further, because intuitively,
>> [snorts]
>> I would think you'd be able to do that.
You just mentioned the fact that you
have granular access to propensity to
pay back that is not even captured by
FICO. You have incredible amounts of
data and predictive capacity the uh the
difference between whether me or Tracy
are going to revolve. So when someone
says, "18% seems high." Yeah. Are we
supposed to just like believe, "Oh, just
trust me, it's high. This is what I need
to charge in order to make money in this
business." I mean, I could trust you,
but like how would you But the math is
the math. The end result, right? You
say,
when you run your models and you look
at, you know, propensity to pay you
back, you basically, you know, whether
you're looking at FICO or anything else.
If FICO is only as good as whether that
person has a job next week.
Right? They they they, you know, you can
look at predictability and yes, this
person has been paying their rent. They
have a steady expenditure thing on food
and on gas and on entertainment and
their savings account balance is always
stay pretty steady. That ought to be a
good credit. Well, it isn't a good
credit if they get fired
or lose their job because the economy's
in a downturn, and all of a sudden,
"Well, I thought that was a really good
credit. I should charge 5%. Turns out I
just wrote the whole thing off cuz
there's no recovery value in that
credit." That That's That's where the
science fails. There's There's exogenous
variables you can't model.
And the wider you cast the net, right?
The bigger the dispersion on outcomes,
um however, if we've settled there, that
interest rate
kind of sets a reasonable profit margin.
The largest card issuer in the country,
um
you can figure out who this is, right?
Best at it. Best computer models. Best
finding credit. Best expend you know,
extending credit to pro to to non-prime
borrowers.
They trade at one times book value.
If this was a genius business, like
that's way too much. I'd drop the rate
by 1%.
You know, and grow share. The problem is
it's not so great, actually.
Um I want to talk about private credit a
little bit um cuz obviously this is an
area where we always hear about banks
face new competition from middle market
lenders and all of that. Um but at the
same time we also see banks teaming up
with private credit now and it seems to
have
Yeah. Okay, talk us through that
relationship. Yeah, so traditionally
um
stand-alone high-yield credit. If if all
you did was walk around and just lend
money
um with no particular expertise, but
across you know, leverage clients at a
single big credit. That's a really lousy
return on capital.
Right? The you know, all the signs going
back to when Moody's started tracking
this stuff in the '80s, you get kind of
a 35% recovery over a 10% default rate.
You go through cycles. Sometimes a lot
worse, sometimes a lot better. It's not
a particularly good business.
Um
becomes a
a better business and sometimes a
fantastic business if you couple that
with the wallet that goes with that
company beyond just the credit. So,
IPOs, M&A fees, bond field, you know,
whatever the stuff is that goes along
with all of a sudden it becomes a pretty
good business.
What's happened in the last couple
years, we've seen this drift into
um more and more credit leaving banks,
going into private equity and other
alternative forums. At PNC it manifested
itself where we'd have a client that we
might have banked for a hundred years,
owned by third generation family
that just got sold to private equity.
And our client's gone.
Because I don't want to make that loan
at that leverage ratio.
And whoever does make the loan is going
to demand the treasury management
relationship and all the other stuff
that goes with that client.
So, where we come out at it is I don't
know that I necessarily want to make the
loan. I will sometimes, but I want to
keep the relationship. So, our
partnership with TCW as an example is
when that happens now, we you know, we
put capital in the TCW fund as did a
bunch of other people, but happens now,
we'll keep the client.
You know, we'll diversify the credit
risk, but keep the fees.
Uh so, the return on equity on that
this thing you know, go goes way up. The
whole notion, remember like private
credit in last three years, oh my god,
it's a new new thing. We're great at it.
We're going to make you a fortune. Why
is that? Private equity kind of hit the
skids. Nothing was getting sold. They
need to raise new money. We haven't had
defaults in 10 years.
So, a manager shows up and says, "Look
at my track record. I can earn, you
know, with two times leverage, I'll give
you 10% return after fees. This is
fantastic. Private equity sucks. Come
with me."
Of course, we haven't had a credit cycle
in 10 years. So, those stats are all
garbage.
You know, you actually go through a a
credit cycle and you have two times
leverage on that thing and you start
having defaults, which we've had a few
of. All of a sudden it's not really
exciting. Can I ask one macro question
in this conversation, which is where do
where do you think we are in the credit
cycle at the moment? I've given up
trying to predict it. Credit today is
pretty good. Um better than pretty good.
Um
a lot of the leverage that's in this
system that everybody complains about
are actually with things that are very
good enterprise value.
So, I don't worry so much about the
disappearance of a company. I I think
about it in terms of reallocation of the
ownership structure. Right? If they're
over-levered, they go down. Either
private equity firm bails them out
or they say, "No, here are the keys."
And now the debt holders own some. And
then the debt holder restructures the
debt and sells them again. Somebody lost
money, but the company's still a good
company. It was just over-levered to to
go. That most of the noise you're
hearing right now on credit beyond the
fraud, you know, the cockroaches that
Jamie said come out when things get
stretched.
Most of it are decent enterprises just
over-levered.
And then of course, you have the fraud.
You haven't had anything that's really
going down today because the economy
just crashed on the spot other than some
isolated issues of the tariffs. There is
a cyclical element to fraud, right?
Because in good times people look the
other way and I don't I I I I I
don't think it's cyclical. I think it's
always there. I just think you know, the
Who was it said
you know, when the when the water goes
out you can figure out who's swimming
nude? That's Buffett. That's Buffett,
yeah. Yeah. Well, Galbraith, however,
talked about the bezel, right? The
the propensity of flimflams and scams to
exist during the good times and people
are just like don't and that accumulates
and accumulates and That
That could be.
>> like 20 years. As you said, like we
haven't had a credit cycle. I mean,
we're it's almost 20 years since the
financial crisis now. Yeah, the finance
always finds its way finds a way to blow
itself up. I mean, it's it's
>> [laughter]
>> I mean,
you know, this it's not a
opinion. You just look at history. I I
think what happens is you get you get
you know, we find good things and then
you ride them. And you And every
instance where something's gone wrong,
you just keep pushing on something till
you take it over the edge. Right?
Finance is an industry where
historically
you can make a lot of money at it.
Right? You're playing with other
people's money.
You know,
pennies and nickels coming off of other
people's money. I'm just going to keep
pushing. I'm going to keep pushing. I'm
keep pushing. When it finally falls, it
falls hard.
Uh we haven't had that.
Um
you know, what's the new new thing? Now
it's fintech and it's crypto and it's
you know, banking has been kind of
throttled by regulation for 10 years.
Mm. Well, speaking of finance always
finding a way to blow itself up, can we
talk about uh Silicon Valley Bank and
2023 cuz you know, they managed to blow
themselves up um for a variety of
reasons, but one of them was they just
had too many bonds, which is kind of you
know, an unusual one.
What was that experience like for you,
first of all?
Let's Let's go back to Silicon Valley. I
actually think they had a great
institution.
Um they had Who's been saying that?
Who's been saying that many times on
this podcast? The The Silicon Valley
Bank respecters. Okay, keep going. No,
it's just it it's it was a unique
business model with a very loyal client
base
that they Not that loyal in the No, I
mean, look, you know, if you're dying,
loyalty goes out the window, but um
they blew themselves up in something
that was not at all core to their basic
business, right? Interest rates are
super low. They got as long by some
calculations as like long-term capital
was back in the '90s. I mean, they were
really, really levered and
underestimated the negative convexity
deposits, right? You You think, you
know, on average through the cycle
they're going to be there seven years.
Oops, they're gone tomorrow.
And so, they just they blew themselves
up on rates that had nothing to do with
their core competence or what they were
as a franchise. And it's it's
unfortunate.
But I mean, it was just it was rookie
mistake. There was nothing.
It's just a crazy position to be in.
How like how scary, you know, those
those days afterwards and then people
started hunting for like any
any bank that had the word California in
the name, like people were shorting it
or people were selling it.
>> Or you know, you had headlines where,
you know, the regional bank index, the
regional bank index. Why I'm a national
bank. We are not a regional bank cuz the
next time they put regional bank
headlines in there, I don't want to be
associated. Yeah, I get it. No, we
actually benefited during that. You
know, we're we're a safe haven and we
actually gathered deposits and opened
thousands of new accounts
during that period of time. And then
every day somebody would flash the
regional bank index and we'd get blasted
on our valuation, which is fine. It
always
you know, valuations are short-term. It
all came ripping back after that.
So, one of the issues that came up
during the um 2023 banking drama, I
guess, is the discount window and banks'
reluctance collectively to use it. And
this is something that the Fed's been
trying to change, right? And actually,
do you remember in late 2022 there was a
big spike in um tapping tapping usage of
the discount window. And it turned out
that wasn't any of the banks that like
ended up getting into trouble. It was
Beal Bank down in Texas. She's a weird
bank. Yeah, it's a very weird bank. But
anyway, regulators trying to get banks
to use the discount window more, feel
more comfortable with it. How do you
feel about it? Um
Well, that's a great question. So,
before the financial crisis and before
regulation
and LCR and long-term debt proposals and
all that other stuff, there was a very
active Fed funds market. So, in a given
day, the excess reserve a bank would
hold deposited in its Fed account was
tiny.
And we would trade Fed funds around with
each other. If I needed two billion,
you'd give me two billion. Next day I
might give you two billion. Like big
size Fed fund positions. And that's how
you balanced your books at the end of
every night.
And then they come out and they say,
"Hang on.
We don't want you doing that anymore.
There's an LCR requirement. You have to
have this much liquidity stuck aside
instead of going into the Fed funds
market."
That gave rise to all these excess
reserves. Fed fund market's basically
dead. The Fed sets that rate. Nobody
trades on that rate. It's as dead as
LIBOR. It's gone. I don't even know why
they caught talk about it anymore.
Um
now you have
they basically said you don't use the
discount window and hold all this cash,
you just froze the economy because you
stopped the circulation
of
of capital transformation.
Home Loan Bank step in. Because I have
to hold all of these Treasuries and
mortgage securities, I can pledge them
to Home Loan and they'll lend me money
at a pretty good rate.
So, that's going to be my outlet. I'm
going to go to Home Loan and I'm just
going to borrow there at a pretty good
rate or I'm going to repo
my Treasuries that I hold.
Silicon Valley happens
and they had Home Loan lines, they
didn't have any discount window lines.
Now, the discount window
will lend against Treasuries and
agencies pretty simply because it's
basically settled electronically
through effectively the Fedwire system.
If you're pledging loans,
it's really hard
to pledge.
So, if all I have is securities to
pledge, I should just repo them or I'll
give them to the Home Loan Bank.
Discount window will do more than that,
but if I want to draw against my loan
balance, I need to give them physical
wet signature loan docs in a vault
guarded,
audited
24 hours a day. Like there's going to be
a guard and I have wet signatures
stacked up. So, they know that when I
draw against that loan, I actually have
that loan cuz it doesn't settle Fedwire
like a bond does. This is a loan, right?
I lent you money, you sign the thing, I
put it in the drawer somewhere.
Then you say, all right, let's
preposition these loans. We spent PNC
spent millions and millions and millions
of dollars. So, the vast majority of our
C&I loans are now at the discount
window. We don't borrow on them, but
they're there.
If we wanted to borrow under them,
I got to call it's gotten a little
better.
Well, hang on.
I got to finish the story. It's gotten a
little better, but basically, like
during COVID, you know, or post-COVID
when nobody was coming in the office,
you'd call like the way you borrow from
discount window is you call Cleveland.
There are there are Fed 12th District
and then they say, "Okay, yes, you're in
good shape. We'll allow Washington to
allow you to use the discount window."
And then they'll call Washington and
then maybe like a day or so later you
can have money.
When nobody's coming in the office,
nobody would answer the phone. I got to
draw on the discount window. It just
rings, nobody's there.
God, there's no system. It's not like I
can type in and draw. It's not like I
can do a Fed funds trade through a
broker and draw the money. It's
it's unusable. But now you're
prepositioned
Yeah. to borrow against loans if you
need to. Yeah. We have enough liquidity
on hand basically to cover anything that
can happen because we positioned all of
our collateral in the optimal spots. And
you're going to This is what I'm going
to Are you talking about physical spots?
When you say you're posi- cuz you're
talking about like wet signature
documents.
>> Yeah. So, the only place you can borrow
against C&I loans in effect is the
discount window. So,
for Okay, so they're going to go over
there. That's wet signature.
I can borrow against securities in the
repo market, at the Home Loan or the
Fed.
So, this is kind of the confusion that
happened with where was stuff pledged
with Silicon Valley.
I have, you know, 50 billion of cash
sitting on the Fed's excess reserve
book. So, that's instant liquidity and I
own a whole bunch of Treasuries that I
can sell if I had to. So,
you just you you figure out how do I
optimally
earn whatever I can on these assets I'm
prepositioning, but get them in the
right place. So, if I need liquidity in
an emergency, I can get it. Silicon
Valley did not do that and the Fed did
not make it easy for them to do that.
>> And I'm just trying to be clear. When
you say get them in the right place, you
mean like a physical place?
Um some of it's physical like the loans,
the wet signature loans. I literally
think we take them down to a like a
vault and spin a dial, you know, with
the big the big crank and they get
locked in there. But um no, securities
by CUSIP, you would say like this batch
of CUSIPs is prepositioned with the Fed.
So, I just know where they are. I know
the balances. I know I can send them
right over Fedwire and draw on that. So,
it's it's it's that thing. Yeah.
One thing I always wondered with the
discount window. So, part of the
reluctance historically to tap it on the
part of banks has been they're worried
it'll get out into the market, right?
And there'll be rumors that they're
tapping the market. How does that
actually happen? I don't understand like
how that info leaks. So, in theory
because let's imagine somebody drew on
the Fed. So, the discount window is
regional Fed. Let's assume somebody took
down 100 billion from the or even 20
billion from the discount window through
the Cleveland Fed. Kind of leave it PNC.
So, the people can figure out who it is.
So, why are you doing that? Then I got a
story and I got to explain it. Where
Where I think this should go, so go back
to the original where I said Fed funds
is dead, nobody trades it. We ought to
just trade the discount window.
Right? The discount rate ought to be I'm
just lending and borrowing all day long.
I can leave money
excess reserves,
right? If I have money to give, and I
can borrow money discount window when I
need money.
And there ought to be like a five basis
point bid or offer on that. You'd put
more liquidity into the system here to
grow the economy if you did that
um
you know, in a great way.
But it's it's like they wiped out LIBOR,
they wiped out Fed funds
through all their LCR crumb. They You
know, and now you have the discount
rate. Just bid offer on the discount
rate and then all of a sudden discount
window becomes right way transaction.
It's happening every day.
>> goes away. Yeah. So, you have to forgive
me because there's a lot going on in the
world these days, so I can't pay
attention to everything.
I have no idea where you stand on
yield-bearing stablecoins, which I
understand to be a big thing [snorts]
Oh. and debate in the sector and I'm
again, I have I've been paying attention
to other things, but I see headlines
about this pop up from time
>> Yeah. So,
um
stablecoin legislation, Genius Act comes
out, they left a little loophole in
there. They said no interest, but it
kind of got run around by offering
rewards,
promos. Same thing.
Clarity Act is what's being debated
right now. They're trying to close that
loophole. They being kind of banks and
people around banks. Um
keeping the loophole open is crypto. You
know, why not? If you can pay interest,
it's going to drive volume. I want to
pay interest. Bank said, "I don't want
you to pay interest cuz you're going to
potentially suck deposits out of the
system and you're messing around with a
capital system that's worked for 250
years. Are you sure you want to mess
with it?"
Um
you know, at the end of the day, I think
of
I think the following.
Stablecoin has been built, launched,
marketed
as a payment mechanism.
It's somehow going By the way, I'm not
sure it will, but you know, it's going
to make payments easier, faster,
cheaper,
whatever.
Not as an investment vehicle.
Right? An investment vehicle is a
different animal and needs different
regulations. So, all of a sudden like a
stablecoin that's buying T-bills
that pays you interest, that looks an
awful lot like a money fund to me.
And that's fine. If it's a money fund,
then regulate it like a money fund.
Can't break the buck, you got to have
this much liquidity on hand, you know,
all the disclosure rules that go around
with it.
Then do what you want with it. You know,
go ahead and pay people in money funds.
Um I just think they're mixing things
and I think
you know, my my uninformed worry
is
we're not done in crypto yet.
Right? It it's in fits and starts as you
learn these things.
Um why do we need to start everything at
once? Let's figure some stuff out.
If it works and there's a logic to doing
it, then go ahead and do it later. I
just I don't know that you need to do it
all at once. What's the rush? Yeah. Um
you know, we we are coming up to
the Super Bowl.
And when I think of the Super Bowl,
I always think of uh Basil End Game
proposals and that ad that they ran in
2024.
>> [laughter]
>> It was so real, wasn't it? It was a very
effective marketing tool um at least for
me. And we are expecting a re-proposal
of of the End Game. What's your sense of
what might change between, you know, the
original document or suggestions versus
now? Um I have no inside information on
that, but um the original proposal that
was written
was in contempt of math.
They they basically they they had a goal
of raising capital
and then they used bad math to cause
that outcome, which was a lot of what
the outrage was over because
if you start making up rules in capital
allocation, you inadvertently cause risk
to emerge in places they shouldn't.
So, I think the math is fixed. You know,
the lawsuit on the stress test and the
and the fact the models need to be
public. So, the math is going to be a
lot better on what they measure.
Um you've heard about indexing G-SIB
scores to inflation and some of the
boundaries.
Um I don't know what they're going to do
on operated risk capital. That's been a
fight. I think they're going to give
some credit on credit risk ratings that
Europe gives that we don't. Um and my
guess is there'll be something in there
for everybody.
And then everybody will collectively be
disappointed about something. They're
not going to give away the shop, but
they're going to try to make it
directionally correct
and based on real math instead of
made-up stuff.
Uh I want to go back to something you
said about the bank integration and you
actually gave a very rare, I would say,
actual 2026 application of generative AI
implementation where you mentioned that
the person at the local bank branch can
actually like ask a question about the
policies and learn. So, was that a That
wasn't just a hypothetical. That's a
real thing that's happening right now.
>> Yeah, that's true. Can you talk we This
is a theme that's been we've been
talking about on the podcast lately,
which is, you know, not just AI per se
or implementing or we're going to like
implement AI, but like, you know, the
changing relationship between a company
and their software vendors and
you know, does AI change some of these
relationships? Do you have leverage
because there are certain like niche
functions that you could like build
yourself? Can you talk a little bit
about how you're seeing some of these
things play out within your firm? Yeah,
this is fun cuz there's so much bad
information out about that. So,
um start with the basics. In order to
utilize AI, you need clean data, defined
data with a single source of truth.
Um we've spent 10 years doing that and a
fortune. So,
you know, silly as that sounds, think
how many different places inside of a
company you might have,
you know, a checking account balance
that's then morphed into the average
checking account balance over 7 days or
the median or the this or the that. And
so, when someone's trying to pull data
to run a report or build a model, they
don't even know what the real They don't
even know what they're pulling. So, you
got to get it clean at the base source
and then index.
Then you're going to
Now you have the capacity to build a
model, whether it's large language or
analytical. Large language models,
there's open models out there you can
just use, which is what we tend to do to
build our document sorting. We're using
it on our own data, our own documents. I
don't need their data.
Um and I don't need to retrain their
model per se other than running it on my
own data, which is a small smaller
compute factory.
Right? I I don't have the whole internet
down downloaded. I just got this thing,
right?
Um
and then once we train the model,
running the model doesn't take a lot of
compute. Training the model takes a lot
of compute.
Um
when we
implement talk about AI, some of it's
the
the fancy object thing. Oh, I'm going to
implement co-pilot and
now people can write emails for me.
Everybody knows when co-pilot wrote my
email cuz it's way too polite and the
punctuation's correct.
Um does that make us any money? Probably
not.
You know, but it's cool and that's So,
when you hear most people say, "No,
we're using AI." They just plugged in
co-pilot and paid somebody 20 million
bucks a year for licenses.
Where it starts to make a difference
is when it can answer questions in a
hurry for our employees or our clients.
And where it can automate process.
The same way we've been on this
automation journey for 20 years now,
right? Starting with internet and then
kind of microservices and applications.
AI is just the next stage of that. You
know, we've got
We over the last 10 years probably get
30 points
of productivity efficiency in our
operating environments. Probably last 7
years, actually.
AI is going to give us another 30.
And it's going to come through time. But
it's Think of it as a automation. All it
is is
even when people talk about AI, they
say, "Oh, the you know, it's an AI
model." It's not an AI model. It's just
a decision tree.
You know, it's automating
a script and an answer, moving data in a
way where somebody doesn't have to
swivel.
You know, pretty basic stuff. What about
on underwriting? Would you use AI to
automate that particular process?
It's actually not legally allowed today.
Um so, there there's
I mean, it's truth in lending or
something. You know, one of one of these
laws where
if I tell you no, you applied for your
credit card, they just capped my rates
at 10% so I said, "No, I've got to give
you the three reasons, you know, of why
I said no." With an AI model,
we look at a thousand variables
and the weight of each of those
variables is dependent upon their
interaction in your particular profile.
So, the weight of rent might be very
heavy for one person and not for another
based on the profile. I can't give you
three reasons. The model told me no.
Yeah. Or the model told me yes.
So, what ends up happening today in
credit decisions,
this is crazy, but it works,
is we'll set with our normal criteria,
this FICO, this debt to income,
you know, whatever else you look at,
we'll say yes or no. And then if we tell
you no, we'll use AI to try to tell you
yes.
Because I can still use my original
excuses no, but if I turn you say yes
after the fact, you're not mad at me.
So, the point is It's crazy. But the
point is that legally speaking, if you
say no, you have to be able to
articulate a reason.
>> Yeah, so what ends up happening is
everybody sets this bar way too high.
This is the one of these silly rules
that needs to be
uh looked at. I mean, we we do use
It's not so much AI. There's a lot of
decision tree models on automation that
help with underwriting.
Um
but it's not necessarily a machine
learning application. Tracy and I mean,
I I find I get this idea of like AI as
another form of workflow automation very
intuitive.
>> Yes. Tracy and I used to publish
transcripts of the podcast, but it was a
very labor-intensive pro Yeah. uh
labor-intensive process to like clean it
up, etc. And so, I thought like AI was
going to be the panacea. I was like,
"Clean this text." It just when we were
doing it, it wasn't there yet. It was
like creating fake It was creating
sentences that weren't there. But I
understand this intuition that AI can
then be like trained on repeatable
process. Right now, and again, the
things that we call AI, which these days
large language models, those workflow
automations, like are they Are there
certain workflow automations that today
workflow processes that you could say
we've been able to automate them in a
way we couldn't have 5 years ago? Oh,
that's absolutely.
Um but let me let me just give you
kind of some scope and some numbers and
what's actually happening. And I I
we have a pretty clean stack so maybe
we're a little further ahead at this
than than some, but we have
um
we focused on a billion four of
addressable spend inside of our care
centers and our operating environments.
This is just solving problems for
customers, moving loan data, all that
stuff. A billion four we spend.
Um
we've come up with 171
different ways to use AI
in reducing that spend. And the
addressable piece of the billion four,
we think it's probably 40% of it.
Um of the 171 use cases, we prioritized
five that are live.
And so, what is you know, what does one
of those look like for example? So,
imagine
um
inside of our wealth business, you know,
we got a bunch of trust lawyers. So, my
grandfather It's actually with PNC. My
grandfather created this small little
trust, skip generations, and it's
written beautiful. It's written written
on like three pages. Maybe it was my
great-grandfather.
Some lawyer every month has to look at
that thing and say, you know, this
qualifies or doesn't or we're going to
do this distribution. All of those
things are manual.
Now just read them into the document
writer and all of the things that are
mechanical outcomes from those millions
of pages of trust documents
are right in front of you. Right?
Payment on this state, here are the
beneficiaries.
It It It just
makes it real simple. So, document
reading, expression of what's in
documents on the basic stuff. You know,
now I don't have to just go and search
and find and human error.
Um That That stuff will make a
difference. Um I worry
with too much focus on the cool fun toy.
ChatGPT. I mean, this is you know, it's
a new Google search. It's cool. Give me
the answer. That That isn't going to
make the world better if that's all it's
used for.
How did you get a clean tech stack?
Because this is something that also goes
hand in hand with bank consolidation.
You always hear that, you know, banks
end up with this tangled mess of
technological systems, maybe some that
include COBOL or like old languages and
things like that. COBOL? COBOL? I can
never remember.
>> even Yeah. You weren't even born yet
when we were programming in COBOL.
Um So, how did you How did you manage to
do that?
>> So, honest answer, we right in the
middle of the financial crisis, right?
We merged with National City under
duress from both firms, kind of a
regulatory wedding.
Um
neither of us had the capacity
to run a larger firm. I mean, I
distinctly remember,
you you know, talking to the combined
organization, we have to rethink how we
run something. You can't manage by
walking around anymore.
And neither tech stack could survive on
its own. And so,
we saved less money than we said we
would in the announcement. Or or
actually, we we saved what we said we
would save,
but quietly we
reinvested 2 billion bucks a year for 10
years. Wow. Yeah, so
literally all new We went from single
server stack applica you know, so this
computer runs that application and each
computer is different because whoever
the application owner was went to dinner
with Dell that day or HP the next day.
And we had 11 data centers. None of it
was in a virtual environment. So,
building our own
um
first cloud environment and then
secondly, writing everything in cloud
language. You know, microservice
application so it's cloud native. That's
forever. But we spent a ton of dough
and just have invested, invested,
invested and got to a place where our
tech stack is as modern as any fintech
you'll find out there. All right. Well,
Bill Demchak
>> fun. This is a lot of fun. Thank you so
much for taking the time. We had a lot
of fun talking to
you.
It was great. Really appreciate you
coming on Odd Lots. Good to be here.
Thank you.
Tracy, I really enjoyed that
conversation. There was a I learned a
lot about banking in that conversation.
We hit a lot in that. But I I just
wanted to keep going. There were so many
interesting angles. Bill actually
answered the questions. Which is cannot
be said for every CEO. I would say most
of our guests are very good at answering
questions. Not every CEO is great at
always answering questions, but I was
like, oh, I'm like learning something
with each one of these things. Let's
keep going. Also, genuinely, he seemed
to have a good handle on like the
granular and practical aspects of
running a bank. So, I was really
interested to hear how they redesigned
their tech [clears throat]
after the financial crisis. I guess they
got a head start on everyone else.
And then also the pre-positioning of
collateral at the discount window. I
knew that the Fed had been encouraging
banks to do it. I did not realize that
you had to send the actual mortgage docs
if you want to borrow against those. It
is crazy
how much is not just done automatically
electronically, right? And here was I
didn't ask it, but I was going to ask,
does blockchain solve this question? But
the idea of it like, okay, all of these
things really are
electronic-ish, although there's clearly
this physical component. But the idea
that here is something which is
theoretically monetizable, which has
liquid value, is a liquid instrument,
but because of the way that the system
is structured, cannot actually be
liquidated or turned into liquid assets
immediately if it had it were not
pre-positioned, etc. That actually does
still seem a little bit wild to me that
that is the case. I always thought that
mortgage assignations were like one use
case for blockchain, right? Like
you could reasonably see blockchain, you
know, helping out with that problem
versus, I don't know, tracking the
origins of lettuce and things like that.
It always seemed kind of ridiculous.
Well, it seems like one of these things
which is in banking and again, it's like
integrated databases. So, there's like a
be a central bank database, there'll be
a home loan bank database, and the
regional bank and the bank database,
right? And the question is like, why
can't they just all see
>> Talk to each other. Yeah, see the
relevant parts of the database, right?
And I suppose that's easier said than
done. I really like that hearing him
talk to about practical applications of
AI, which again,
maybe feels a little different than some
of our conversations last year or it
feels like now there's more articulated
examples of being you
of
this is a sort of labor-saving or
time-saving technology. So, that's
another thing I think we have to pay
more attention to in 2026. Okay, shall
we leave it there? Yeah, let's leave it
there. All right, this has been another
episode of the Odd Lots podcast. I'm
Tracy Alloway. You can follow me at
Tracy Alloway. And I'm Joe Weisenthal.
You can follow me at The Stallworth.
Follow our producers, Carmen Rodriguez
at Carmen Arman Dash Bennett at Dashbot,
and Kilburgs at Kilburgs. And if you
want more Odd Lots content, then you
should definitely check out our daily
newsletter. You can find that at
bloomberg.com/odd
lots. And you can chat about all of
these topics 24/7 with fellow listeners
in our Discord, discord.gg/odd
lots. And if you enjoyed this
conversation, then please like the video
or leave a comment or better yet,
subscribe. Thanks for watching.
>> [music]